midiutils is a small and fairly simple midi file utility library I wrote to
simply deal with reading, writing and playing midi files. 

Description

midiutils is the main project, which consists of the core utilities to read,
write and play midi files. The main library interface may be found in the ./pub
directory. 

MidiFiles, Tracks, and Events are plain structs rather than classes
so that they may be freely modified in the case that other software would like
to create or play a midi file. 

The EventProducer was created as an abstract base class so that it could be
used to gather events from a midi file or from some other source. This is
mostly because this whole library exists so that I can toy around with
procedural music generation, so I wanted a way to also gather midi events from,
for example, Lua scripts. 

luamidiutils is a Lua interface to midiutils. 

main is a project which simply creates a Lua state with luamidiutils loaded,
which then creates and runs a MidiStream, using a LuaEventProducer to produce
Events from a script. 

Copyright (c) 2013 Alexander Ames

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
